Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Know why birthdays are special?
It's the day when moms and babies
meet each other for the first time.
He was crying.
Sweetie. he didn't survive the crash.
Hey. sweetie.
Some words taste like food in my mouth.
I'm the same.
Kyle. I need to tell you something.
I saw Noah.
You're actually doing this?
You're actually gonna take him?
I can't live without him.
I bet you've got your
own pool. don't you. Milo?
It's big too.
I bet it is.
Maybe just down behind
the cabinet or something.
I don't see it. man.
You go and hide in the bathroom.
I've got a new friend
who's going to come and play with us.
and he doesn't know
that you're in there. right?
There's a boy at the station.
Hi. hi. hi. hi. hi. hi.
All that matters is family.
I thought I permanently
disabled my little brother.
It's like I had a sister.
but you tried to take her from
me when we were so young.
I... man. I was young too.
You were old enough
to know right from wrong.
Thanks for everything yesterday.
I just want to be your friend...
like. actually your friend.
I have been moving
money around our accounts
for the last few months.
Your bookie was found murdered
in the motel room that
my son was being held in.
He's my son.
You have my son.
Mommy?
I wouldn't hurt him.
I wouldn't ever.
- Hey!
- Colin!
- Jesus!
My...
Colin! Colin! Colin!
Colin?
No. no. no. no. no.
no. no. no. no. no. no.
I didn't mean to.
Is he ok?
He's ok.
I didn't mean to.
You're ok.
You've got to put the gun down. ok?
I didn't mean to shoot him.
- Just put it...
- I don't want to hurt anyone!
Put it down.
Hey.
He's going to be ok.
Colin.
No.
Call an ambulance.
Lia. Lia.
you're going to call
an ambulance. all right?
She's got to go out to the
gates to let them in. ok?
- Ok. Go.
- You're going to call.
You're going to stay on
the phone till they get here.
All right? Go.
I've got him. I've got him.
Go ahead. All right. Ok.
Ok.
Mommy?
He can't be down here.
- I don't want him to.
- He can't be here!
I don't want that.
Mommy. are you there?
Let Marissa go up.
All right. let her go up.
She'll keep him up there.
and then you and I can talk.
- No!
- Let Marissa go.
No.
He can go.
- I don't want to leave you.
- Go. go.
Go. Please.
Protect him.
Ok.
Is he breathing?
I... I never wanted to hurt anyone.
I... I never wanted to hurt anyone at all.
Hey. Milo. Hey. hey.
It's ok.
Hey. come on back to sleep.
Shh.
It's ok.
Everything's ok.
Who are you?
And why did you take my son?
My name is Josephine Murphy.
What? No.
No. you... no. you... you... you died.
I didn't.
You're dead.
I wanted to be.
I didn't come here to try to get him back.
I know now that I can't have him.
You won.
I lost.
I lost six years ago.
Six... what?
Six years ago?
I came here because I
need you to promise me.
mother to mother. that you'll protect Milo.
From... from what?
Him.
You don't know what he's capable of.
If you knew who he really was.
you wouldn't let him around here.
Your son.
I don't understand.
He never told you what he did that night.
Wh... what? What?
What night? When?
Before the ambulances came.
I know you won't believe me if I tell you.
which is why you have
to hear it for yourself.
- My god.
- You've got to let go!
You can have it.
- Stop. stop!
- Take it.
I don't want...
- Jesus! My god!
- Mar?
Stay up there!
Ok.
Ok. listen to me.
I want you to go outside.
You go wait with Lia. all right?
Mar. listen to me.
You didn't have to... you
didn't have to shoot her.
That gun went off.
No. what... you shot...
- you shot her on purpose!
- No. no. no.
That... that... that is
not what happened here.
Don't tell me what happened. Peter!
You killed her because you
didn't want her talking to me.
- That...
- why?
What have you done? What did you do?
What did you... what more
have you fucking done?
Peter. whose... whose
baby died in that accident?
Mar. I think you're in shock.
Peter. tell me what
happened after the accident
when I was unconscious.
We'll talk about this later. ok?
- We will talk about it now!
- I'll tell you...
I'll tell you anything you
want to know. all right?
We'll just... we'll talk about it later.
You will tell me now.
or so help me god. I will tell the police
that you murdered that woman!
I'm your husband!
I'm your husband. and I love you.
You would never.
Try me.
What happened?
I thought you were dead.
Mar. I thought you... I
thought you had died.
Shh. shh. shh. shh. shh.
We'll get you home soon. pal.
Almost there.
Mar? Mar?
Mar?
You ok?
Hey. hey. hey.
Hey. Hey. hey. hey.
Marissa. Marissa!
Smile.
Hey.
Hey. hey. hey. hey. hey. hey.
He was gone.
Our son was gone.
Our...
Our baby died?
He died?
I'm sorry.
My god.
I'm... I'm sorry.
I didn't know pain like that existed.
911.
What's the emergency. please?
The... we've had a car crash.
and my wife and my son...
What is your location. sir?
We're on north pondfield road off the 9.
Ambulance and ems are on the way.
Would you please hurry. please?
Just sit tight.
My god.
He was scared and he was
cold. but I couldn't... I wasn't...
I couldn't just leave him there.
It's ok. It's all right.
Ok.
Everything's going to be ok.
It's ok.
So I... I went to our...
I... I didn't plan it. ok?
It just happened. I just...
I just picked him up. and I
didn't put him back down.
You...
You put our child in the other car seat.
He was gone. mar.
I couldn't do anything for him.
But it's like the other boy
was supposed to be ours.
Yeah. but he... he wasn't ours.
He was hers.
I thought she was dead. mar.
I thought she was dead.
I swear to you.
You stole a child.
She was... she was alone.
She was alone driving
home from the hospital.
She was in no position to raise a child.
She... she couldn't give him
the life that we could give him.
You stole... you stole her child.
No. I did...
I did what I thought
was right for everyone.
You stole a child. Peter!
- What the...
- I saved that baby.
I saved that baby.
and I saved you the pain of losing a son.
I saved all of us!
My god.
All this time I thought the
kidnapping was my fault.
and you let me think it was my fault!
But it was not my fault.
It was yours!
What's on this phone?
I don't know.
I don't know. and it does not matter.
You can't tell anybody about this. ever.
You understand that?
They find out about this.
they will try to take Milo.
- Chicago police department!
- Police!
- Let me see your hands!
Whoa. whoa. It's all right. It's all right.
Keep your hands where I can see them.
Keeping an eye on him.
Carrie Finch's real name
is Josephine Murphy.
The man that was found
in the lake. Kyle Smith.
was her longtime boyfriend.
and the man that was found in the motel
was her father. Rob Murphy.
It seems that this was a family operation.
Mr. and Mrs. Irvine. do either of you have
any connection to Josephine Murphy?
Six years ago.
we were coming home from the hospital.
Milo was a... a day old. and
we got into a car accident.
Marissa was unconscious for weeks.
- You feeling all right?
- Yeah.
Lightheaded or dizzy or anything?
No. honey.
- Fully recovered.
- Yeah?
- Yeah. honest.
- Ok.
Anyway. the woman
we got into the crash with
was named Josephine Murphy.
And Milo survived. and... and...
And her baby didn't.
Why not tell us this
when Milo was kidnapped?
Our understanding was that
she had killed herself years ago.
I didn't see the woman's
face at the time of the accident.
so the picture you showed
us didn't look familiar.
We'd never heard the
name Carrie Finch before.
It just never occurred to us that...
that there would be a connection.
Why would there be a connection
to someone who was dead?
I... I am so sorry for her loss of that child.
but that cannot excuse
anything she did here.
Ok.
So you and miss Murphy
struggled for the gun.
is that right?
- You can have it.
- Go!
- Take it.
- Yes.
I was trying to get the gun.
and she wouldn't let it go.
She already killed Colin.
Ok. and do you believe her
intention was to shoot you too?
Absolutely.
I don't want to hurt anyone!
She was trying to shoot
me when the gun went off.
Ok. why do you think
miss Murphy came to the house tonight?
She had a gun.
She'd already shot and killed Colin.
I think her intent is pretty obvious.
She wanted to... to kill us.
I mean. we interviewed your siblings.
and miss Murphy let your
sister call an ambulance for Colin.
and then she let your brother
go upstairs to watch over Milo.
Those don't seem like the actions
of someone who simply came
to the house to kill everyone.
Do you think there's something
more that was going on?
Do either of you think that
maybe there was another reason
why she came to the house?
Anything else she wanted?
I don't think there's anything more to it
other than. you know.
she's mentally unwell.
Mrs. Irvine. do you think there was
another reason why Josephine Murphy
came to the house tonight?
I need you to promise
me. mother to mother.
No. I think... I think she...
She was just crazy.
What are you doing with your phone?
I told you. I got a friend coming over.
and I want to record what he says.
Why?
Look. don't worry about that. kiddo.
Aren't you supposed to
be hiding in the bathroom?
Be real quiet. Milo. ok?
Ok.
Where the fuck is the gun?
You're Peter irvine. right?
My daughter. she thinks
that that kid's her son.
She has this crazy story
about a car accident.
Yeah?
Yeah.
Yeah. man. it's the kind of story
that the press would love. that's for sure.
Yeah.
Ok. get it all?
Yeah. yeah. it's all there.
Thanks.
My...
I saved him.
He's mine.
He's my son!
My god.
Hon.
Hon. Mar!
Mar? Mar. mar. mar. mar.
Whoa. whoa.
There's a recording.
On the phone. there was a...
there was a recording
of you at the motel.
Did you listen to it?
Yes.
Ok.
I'm the one who got Milo.
When you sent me out to
get the upholstery cleaner
before the interview thing.
they had texted again about the ransom.
and they were ready to hand him over.
That's where I was. ok?
Nobody saw me. mar.
He didn't know it was me.
I never spoke to him.
I covered his eyes.
And I don't ever want him to know.
But it was.
You put him in the trunk of the car.
I left him where I knew
they would find him.
Mar. I got him home safely.
You abandoned him.
Anything could have
happened in that time.
I got him home safely. mar.
He's home.
I was so worried.
All I wanted to do was
to hold him and talk to him
and tell him it was gonna be all right.
That's all I wanted.
And I couldn't.
I had to leave him.
Please. Please.
No. you killed that man.
You killed that man at the motel.
You killed him.
He threatened us. mar.
He threatened us.
They were never going to leave us alone.
I had no idea that the kidnapping
and the car accident had
anything to do with each other.
I promise you.
And then they called about the ransom.
and they wanted money.
and I thought. that's it.
It's about the money.
It's not about anything
else but the money.
And then he threatened us.
We were never going to be safe.
Hey.
Marissa...
Where's the phone?
Mar. that recording gets out.
they are going to take Milo from us.
Come on.
I'm going to get rid of it.
Give me the phone.
I will take care of it.
Give me the phone. mar.
I love you so much.
I hope you understand I did
what I had to do for our son.
I know you'd do the same thing.
I'd do anything to protect Milo.
Medical examiner's report
came in on Josephine Murphy.
And?
Gunshot residue on her right hand
proves she was holding
the weapon when it was fired.
Plus. she broke into their home.
It's going to be nearly impossible to prove
that Peter irvine killed her intentionally.
So you think he did?
I honestly don't know.
But I do think that
we're missing something.
I just don't know what.
Why did she go to
their house that night?
What did she want?
What do you want to make?
I want to make a dinosaur.
Yeah.
Dinos. let's do it.
I got it. Hey. hey. hey.
All right. I'm going to do this.
We don't want to cut ourselves. all right.
You need daddy for these.
Cool?
Green.
What kind of dino is this?
Are dinosaurs supposed to be green?
We can make them
whatever color we want.
A different color?
Sure. Red.
- Hey.
- Want to sit down?
- Yeah.
Should we make the biggest airplane?
Biggest airplane? What about dinos?
All right. what's the plan. Milo?
I said I want to make...
His... his mom wants us to
do the wake at Colin's home.
said that he'd want that.
I told her I'd organize it.
Just...
Hope I'm doing it right.
I'm... I'm sure you are.
It'll be. like. 50 people.
and it's during the day.
but I was... everyone's going to drink.
Do you think?
Yeah. I know I will.
Good. because I got
enough for a frat party.
And I booked a caterer
for the allergy stuff.
And... and there's music.
Colin like... like... liked classical.
Thought it was dumb. so I
used to make fun of the...
I used to make fun
of the classical music.
But I thought that that could be playing.
Yeah.
That's really sweet. Lia.
Roar!
- Roar!
- Hold on. hold on.
All right.
I just don't know how to do
this kind of thing. you know?
You are doing it.
No. but. like...
This is. like... this is.
like. adult stuff. mar.
It's a big deal.
You're doing great.
My god.
I guess I just...
I've never felt 100% like
a grown-up. you know?
That's pathetic.
Yeah. well. it's not your fault.
Milo!
Let's go turn on the boob tube.
The police called.
Josephine Murphy was
killed in self-defense.
No further investigation.
They have no idea what
happened with the accident.
It's over. mar.
Things can go back to how they were.
When do I go back to school?
Well. I don't know. sweetheart.
but don't you think it's a little soon still?
I'm bored.
Bored?
What?
Daddy. play with me.
I will in just a minute. ok. kiddo?
Be right back.
Hey.
I think it's probably time
for him to go back to school.
I'm still scared to let him out of my sight.
I know. but we've got to
move on eventually. ok?
Daddy. I did it.
That's great. sweetheart.
That's... ok. you need me for that. ok?
You need daddy for the scissors.
You need daddy.
But I can do it.
You need daddy. Don't run away.
Do not run away from me.
Hey. do not run away from me.
Milo! Milo!
You are not allowed
to run away from me!
Why not?
Because you are mine.
He's mine.
He's my son!
Put me down!
Outside. Let's go.
Yeah.
All ok at home?
Yeah. actually. it is.
Got a new nanny.
Come on. buddy.
- Jesus Christ.
- Yeah.
I need a minute.
Fuck.
Yeah.
What are you going to do?
I don't know.
I don't know. because I can't...
I can't go to the police.
I can't. because I will have to tell them
that Milo isn't my son.
No. no. he is your son.
- Well. biologically...
- fuck biology.
You've raised that child.
You've loved that child.
He loves you.
He's your son.
Any scenario that involves
Milo being taken away from you
isn't an option.
There's no going to the police.
I mean. this... this stays
between you and me.
I'm scared. because I don't know
how I can stay married to him knowing...
knowing what he's done.
But I... I don't know how I...
how I can divorce him.
knowing what he could do.
I'm stuck.
So what's left?
Thanks for doing this.
It feels unnecessary.
but the new school wants
an updated diagnosis. so... no problem.
We see this a lot when
kids switch schools.
And congrats. by the way.
St. Mark's is a great place for Sam.
Thank you.
Here.
One of the questions says.
does your child see shapes or patterns
when hearing certain sounds?
What is that about?
Yeah.
This form is very thorough.
It goes over the whole
neurodivergent spectrum.
Some people have a
crossover of their senses.
so you hear a certain word.
but it makes you taste
a food. for example.
Or they associate colors
with abstract concepts.
like the name Alex is the color red.
or certain letters are
certain colors. stuff like that.
Milo's really creative with his colors.
But it's a very rare phenomenon.
What is it called?
Have a great time. Milo.
You gonna play with Jacob?
Yeah!
Thanks. Jenny.
Bye.
Bye. mommy.
Yeah.
Thank you.
Perfect.
Hey. I know it's a sad day.
I really am sorry.
Yeah.
I... I just want it behind me.
And I've been thinking. and you're right.
We need to move on.
Ok.
Thank you for calling me back.
Do you remember Josephine Murphy?
Yes. I remember Josie.
I was her guidance
counselor in high school.
She was sent to my office a lot.
No. yeah. I can see that.
Can you help me understand why?
She'd get overwhelmed in the classroom.
She told me that words
and tastes and colors
would get all mixed up in her head.
It seemed to really distress her.
and the truth is. I never fully understood
what was going on.
Her parents never took her to a doctor.
but it sounded like
something neurological.
Yeah. it's called synesthesia.
and it's really rare.
Is it something you're born with?
Yeah. usually you inherit it.
Go ahead and say it.
Well. you were using your
crutch the last few days.
I know.
And now you're in that thing.
It's a life change.
It took me a minute to commit.
Now you're committed.
Yes.
I am committed to my wheelchair.
Is this some fucked up
way of getting back at me?
Believe it or not. this
has nothing to do with you.
I know you're still angry at me.
I'm not.
I forgive you. actually.
And I'm going to start taking
accountability for things.
I let you employ me.
I let you house me
because I was scared
to do it on my own.
I'm happy to take care of you. Brian.
I want to take care of you.
But I don't want you to take care of me.
Now that I use a chair. I
don't need the pain meds.
I found a disability-friendly living facility.
and I'll be looking for a new job.
Sure.
It's been fucked up
between us for a while. Peter.
But it's over now.
- Sure. Thank you.
- Thanks.
- Hey.
- Thank you.
- Yeah.
Real nice job. Looks good in there.
His sister said that the house just sold.
Wow.
That'll cover his debts to the firm.
He did right by everyone.
Jesus Christ.
I can't believe he's gone.
Hey. he was a good guy.
Yeah.
I don't know that the two of you together
was the right call.
I loved him.
Yeah. I'm not saying you didn't.
I'm saying your relationship
started this whole spiral.
I'm saying we're all at the house today
wearing black for a reason. Lia.
so just remember that. ok?
Thank you.
What can I do for you?
Detective alcarez. Chicago pd.
I was hoping you could
help me find someone.
Who are you looking for?
This person here.
Yeah. ok.
One sec.
There you are.
- Hey.
I didn't realize the collection was so big.
Yeah.
Yeah. he was really into it.
Doesn't get to enjoy it now. though.
No.
How are you holding up?
I'm ok.
Yeah?
- Hey. come here.
- Yeah.
What was that for?
I've missed you.
Yeah. I missed you too.
You all right?
Yeah. my throat's just...
- shit.
- - What?
I... I didn't check all the allergens.
- That's...
- I'm sorry.
I've just been distracted.
I could have had soy by accident.
- No...
- fuck. I'm so sorry.
No. I've got a... I have
a... a pen in my jacket.
My god.
Fuck.
I'm so sorry.
It's ok.
It's been a while since I had to do this.
I'm so sorry.
Better?
Not yet. no.
What the fuck?
It's expired.
What?
This went three years ago.
Why do we have this?
I thought you got rid of the old one.
Yeah. I do.
I always refill your prescription for you.
and I... and I check your
coat. and I make sure
that that one's up to date as well.
This is the accident report.
It says you were first on the scene.
Any chance you remember it?
Yeah. I remember this one.
Really?
It's not often you see
a baby this young die.
so trust me. I remember.
It was awful.
But what do you want to know?
Fuck.
Lia! Lia!
It's ok. It's ok. She's coming.
- Lia. call 911.
- What?
And go to the car and get his
emergency kit from the trunk.
- My god.
- He'll be fine.
He just needs a shot.
There were two females
involved in that car accident.
Right. One of them was a teenager.
Right. and the other one was an adult.
Her name was Marissa irvine.
Was she conscious when you arrived?
No.
- Are you sure about that?
- I'm sure.
The only person who was
awake was the husband.
And his baby. of course.
Thank you.
- It's not there.
- What?
It isn't in the back of the SUV.
- Are you sure?
- I promise. it is not there.
How long until the ambulance?
Eight minutes.
Fuck.
Hey. it's ok.
Hey.
Does anyone have an epipen?
Hey. it's going to be ok.
You're ok.
You always have the emergency kit.
That's true.
I manage your allergy for you.
Yeah?
You're not gonna believe this.
Peter irvine. he's dead.
Josephine Murphy kidnaps Milo irvine.
The kidnapping fails. and
she shows up at the house.
She had a gun.
but it doesn't seem like her intention was
to actually kill anybody.
and yet Colin dobbs is shot and dies.
She's killed in a struggle by Peter irvine.
and a couple of weeks
later. he winds up dead.
supposedly from a freak accident.
There's no way in the
world all these people aren't
more tangled up in this
mess than they're saying.
I think Marissa irvine orchestrated
her husband's death.
I think whatever Josephine
Murphy said that night.
it shook Marissa irvine to her core.
I just don't know what it could be.
We may never know.
Now we're down to our last key witness.
No one else is talking.
She brought a lawyer with her?
Yeah.
My money says she talks.
You know. I honestly
didn't see this coming.
These nice people... Killing each other.
And Marissa irvine
made it very clear to us
that none of what happened
at the wake was your fault.
She's informed us that
you went to great lengths
to ensure all the dishes
were correctly labeled.
She's also informed
us that she simply forgot
to check the labels on the dishes
and consumed soy by accident
before kissing her husband.
Does this sound like something
Marissa irvine would do?
Because she doesn't strike
me as the kind of woman
who'd forget to check a food label.
Yeah. she's not forgetful.
But she's human.
Maybe she forgot that
she did look at the label
and just missed the warning about soy.
That's possible.
That could be what happened.
Did you see that happen?
Did you see Marissa
irvine read the food label?
These last few weeks
have been sort of fucked
for my family. ok?
Like. everything feels fucked.
And there's still so much
I just don't understand.
So much I don't know.
And I... I get it now. why
people get mad at each other
and yell at each other
when things go wrong.
Why we just jump to accuse people.
even when we don't know anything.
It's because it's a comfort.
Anticipating someone being punished.
that makes us feel good.
We get to focus on their
pain instead of our own.
That's awful.
So I'm not going to blame Marissa
for what happened to my brother
just because it feels
good to point a finger.
Did you see Marissa irvine
read the food labels at the wake?
If there is any chance at
all that your brother's death
wasn't an accident.
don't you want to know?
I'm saying we're all at the house today
wearing black for a reason.
No.
No what?
No. I didn't see Marissa irvine read
the food labels at the wake.
Are you sure?
100%.
Ooh. look at that dog.
- Hi!
- Do you want to pet him?
- You want to pet him?
- Hello. You can pet him.
He's friendly.
Perfect. Thank you.
- Yes.
- These are for you.
- Thank you. thank you.
- Yeah.
All right.
Hey. Sam. you like that dog?
- Hi!
- Is it cool?
Hi. there.
So much space.
Milo's really imaginative
with colors and tastes.
You know. the way he
describes things. it's...
Yeah.
It's really cute.
Yeah. he's always been like that.
I think it's more than
just imagination. though.
I think it's something called synesthesia.
It's a neurodivergent condition.
It's nothing to be afraid of.
It's not going to hurt
him or anything like that.
It's just that... that for
him. his senses mix a bit.
Usually kids don't get diagnosed
until they're much older. you know.
when they can articulate
things a bit more.
Yeah. right.
Yeah. it's an extremely rare condition.
Usually you inherit it.
Josephine Murphy had it too.
Mrs. Irvine. I know the
car accident was horrible.
and I know you were unconscious
and the only person
awake was your husband.
and whatever decisions
he made in that moment.
you weren't a part of.
And my guess is it was
Peter who killed Rob Murphy
and put Milo in the trunk of that car.
And I'm guessing you had
no idea what was happening
until Josephine Murphy
showed up to your house
with a gun and told you.
And I know you were stuck. Mrs. Irvine.
You couldn't tell anyone the truth.
so you made some choices.
The case is closed now.
You know. I thought...
like. I thought it wouldn't sit right with me
that it was ending this way.
because I'm not following the law.
This isn't what I'm supposed to do.
But I feel fine.
Are we going see Jacob now?
Yeah.
Yeah. sure. bud.
Come on. Milo.
- We can go down here.
- Ok. yeah!
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org